Keywords:

Reserved words for data types:
	byte: signed numerical data type with 8 bits. Range from -128 to 127
	short: signed numerical data type with 16 bits. Range from -32768 to 32767
	int: signed numerical data type with 32 bits. Range from -2^31 to 2^31 -1
	long: numerical data type with 64 bits.
	float: single precision 32-bit floating-point data type.
	double: double precision 64-bit floating-point data type.
	boolean: simple flags for true and false.
	char: single 16-bit Unicode character.

Reserved words for flow control:
	if: start of an if statement. Only execute the block of code if conditions are met.
	else: used within the if statement. Only execute the block of code if conditions are not met.
	switch: start of a switch statement. Only execute the block that matches the label.
	case: used within the switch statement. Represents the label and its block of code.
	default: used within switch statement. Only execute the block when no matching label found.
	while: start of a while loop. Loop the block of code until condition not met.
	break: used within while loop or for loop. Force exits the loop.
	continue: used within while loop or for loop. Force executes the next iteration of loop.
	return: used within a method. Complete the execution of method and return the value to caller.

Keywords for modifiers:
	public: declares a member’s access as public. Accessible to all other classes.
	private: declares a member’s access as private. Accessible only within the declared class.
	protected: declares a member’s access as protected. Accessible within same class or subclass in same package.
	static: marks that a particular member belongs to a type itself, rather than any instance of the type.
	final: A final class cannot be inherited. A final method cannot be overridden. A final variable cannot be reassigned.
	abstract: sign of abstraction. Only declare the signature rather than the specific implementation.
	synchronized: used for thread-safety. Only allow only thread to execute the block at any given time.
	native: used to mark code other than Java.
	strictfp: used to restrict floating-point calculations and ensure the same result on every platform.

Keywords for exception handling:
	try: start of a try…catch statement. Execute the block of code while testing for errors.
	catch: used within try…catch statement. Handles listed type exceptions.
	finally: used within try… catch statement. Always execute the block of code after the try…catch statement.
	throw: explicitly throw an exception from a method or any block of code.
	throws: used in the signature of method to indicate that this method might throw one of the listed type exceptions.
	assert: start of an assert statement. Used to declare an expected boolean condition.

Class related keywords:
	class: used to declare a new Java class, which is a collection of variables and methods.
	package: declares a name space for the Java class.
	import: declares a Java class to use in the code below the statement.
	extends: indicate that the class inherits all the properties of the parent class.
	implements: indicate that the class implements the interface.
	interface: a template class with abstract methods only. No specific implementation.

Object related keywords:
	new: initiates a new instance of a class.
	instanceof: binary operator to test if an object is a subtype of a give type.
	super: used to reference variable that is used to refer parent class objects.
	this: used to reference variable within the current object in a method or constructor.
